and there the critics a certain is that who
This is the virus, and I'm here today.
before this video only ask for the collaboration
of you there in this texture that took
enough to make right the
texture specifications will be everything
below all bases and etc.
That's all you need to know.
history will not have a goal then tell
with the help of all there, strengthening
like to give that basic spread on
video and pass this texture to all
world is right conged night I took
two would have seven here in the head like me
I do not use it on the head that I have problem.
I do not think so
I do not know, but anyway, all downloads will go
exit in both map description when
textures was basically this is a good
video to everyone and even more
went
and then the ones written all right here who
is talking to the virus welcome
but video here on the personal channel and today
I'm here to introduce you
the great alex alex texture
Sin, that's right, you asked.
much in the comment fields and I
I have decided to bring and make available
You're right, I did the texture.
My taste right, and I realized that some of
So you like it, it's actually the
the vast majority so I'm very happy
so I hope it meets the taste of
everybody's alright, let's start then
presenting our texture're here
Oh well, I'm going to start here.
our field on items day here in this
area of items and I'll start here
by good hit functions
the position of generation or particle is
from fire to force also from fire
staff and it's the three are left like this
like the others right here you can
be seeing some items as per
example the soup girl looks like I'm cool
she still tells you that this pot here
It's very cool, he's both one side of the
another, in fact, a little spinning soup
easy to identify in the gajajeira much
easy for you to do what tha 'refill
You make up for what you use.
texture okay folks use here
these two mushrooms are I capriche
I really like this one and I like to
damn it's such using new looks
there and it's very easy to recognize you
Can you see from afar, let's follow
here for upcoming items like cactus
He has the torch.
to day things in themselves texture okay
right here the bow you can is
conferring air with which the arc is such
particle here when you throw the bow
you get this very nice particle
and look there the yellowish particle is
very beautiful and very easy to recognize
It's right, let's continue here in our
area you can be watching here
These are the pumpkins I even broke here.
I was kind of rough but these are the pumpkins
Guys look there, she has her in the version.
on and has it in the normal version
be here as if you had one
torch inside and here normal and that date
is putting on your face is right
It's very cool, this man here.
bag looks like a bag of bread and looks good
being is good
here with our texture I'll show you
You some tools I eat there.
You can see they're all from
hunger because I miss the most
then I think it's according to the
kind of texture that short and here are
swords let me get here oh are
everyone here I do not inventory this is the
Wooden sword looks like looks nice
there the sword of personal stone the sword
of gold the sword of brute and the sword of
the most beautiful diamond of all looks
It's beautiful that they stay on the ground a lot.
easy to be recognized no
similar to another's right is O
very easy to recognize even here
are the armors also made from scratch
for me it looks like you want to get them here
for you to see all made from scratch
Look how she stays is one of fire.
color more flagged that I put a
much better coloring is right and I hope
What do you fucking hate and is there?
the other armor just like the one of gold oil
also look how they stay here in the hand
in the body also look how it is is that
It looks really cool and put off look and look there
as is too short it is our
armor are these we'll follow here
here lava does not harm on pp as
You can see that. It's okay.
Softly then it will not disturb anything
you
and here the water does not leave until it shows the
particle for you here of water and
lava ne
there again then is it cool that
It's tnt that I think it's not much.
No one needs much
from tnt but at last it is normal fire
and beauty getting here for two
ores look here what ores
fantastic that I did guys
O woman of dilma to you and look what
cute gold ore and two ores
The top top I've done so far looks
Old time looks like it's a glass
Plastic looks cool that with too much
Nice effect that I did here
the ore on tony the ore of pencils
lazuli and the emerald ore with
beautiful even it here at hand here're the
of his blocks is right you can
It's checking and you're going to see
really like the third one is cool
As soon as they come down, it's okay.
Here is the business side gladiator op
I'd rather show you here to see
How is it cool and something else?
that I wanted to show you
ben there Chipeta the sheath to those
blue hue stayed very is it
It was really cool.
the compass that is sensational personal
this compass
For God's sake, look how beautiful it is.
It's that beautiful sweater, look our look up.
I like to look at her, she looks great.
Good people , I wanted to show you
also the hot neighborhood line then left the
park these items
look that hot bar as quetta efeitinho
gray and look I put a little fire to
can identify better then you
will be there will be much better for
you pick up your items you might be
making their refill here with the soups and
etc
She's in the middle of the pvp.
easy to identify a small square is
It's good down there, it's good to show
you here the table of charm how it was
is on your altar of enchantment
already in singing here until rpg shakine
So Chief Executive Officer Then Let's Go
test proceeding as it gets
good personal particle I put some
I am from my friends, I am here.
nothing and look how sensational it is
this particle or particle of chaperó
azulzinha of NSSO plate looks much there
easy to identify and differentiate is the
of sharpe in this one is normal and both
at the same time look how blue and
yellow and is very cool're it
alone here the year has no particles
What if I'm half ass more beauty than
the two cages two like that is right
It's very cool, too.
personal beauty and go people texture
It really took a lot of work to do and it was
for this reason that it took me a
time for power is making available
That's right for you, so I tell you
with the help of all of you here in this
texture and staff is for anyone
using this map will also be on the
discretion for you to download is
I can use it, I can only use it
you leave the credit of both the map
as in texture if you are to do
a video and that's it I do not have much
but what to talk only counts on the
help from you all there is in the disclosure
texture and that favorite video life
who was not enrolled in the channel if
Enroll thank you and see you next time
O